This file contains the protocol used by the client and the server.

client -> server protocols:

    There are 4 commands the client can use. they are: "download", "upload", "list" and "delete"
    There are 3 status commands and they are: "ack", "error" and "success"
    There are 4 responses the server can give. they are: "r_download", "r_upload", "r_list", "r_delete"

    commands are joined by the delimiter: ':'
    files are joined by the delimiter: ','
    file attributes are joined by the delimiter: ';'

    "download": this command is used by the client to download a file and the response is: "r_download".
        steps the client and the server take to have a file transfer:
            1. the client requests to download a file by using this command --> "download:file_name"
            2. the server responds with "r_download:ack" if the file exists in the server, else "error:error_msg"
             -this part is reached only if the server responded with "r_download:ack"
            3. the server will then send to the client the requested file's contents (binary data)
            4. the client downloads the file and save's it in the user's chosen destination
            ----download complete----

    "upload": this command is used by the client to upload a file to the server. the server response is: "r_upload".
        steps the client and the server take to have a successful file upload:
            1. the client requests an upload request in this format: "upload:filename:filesize"
            2. the server responds with an error or an ack message: "error: error_msg" or "r_upload:ack"
            -this part is reached only if the server responded with ack
            3. the client sends the full file content in binary
            4. if server successfully saves the file it responds with "r_upload:success", else "error: error msg"
            5. the client will notify the user if the upload is successful or not

    "list": this command is sent by the user to receive the list of files in the server. the response is: "r_list".
        steps the client and the server take to complete this task:
            1. the client sends this request: "list"
            2. the server responds with: "r_list:**length of the string containing the files_name**"
            3. the client responds with: "ack"
            4. the server sends the files list
            5. the client receives the files list and uses it...

    "delete": this command is used by the client to delete a file in the server. server responds with "r_delete".
        steps:
            1. the client sends this reqeust: "delete:filename"
            2. the server deletes the file if it exists and responds with "r_download:success" or responds with "error: error_msg" if the file doesn't exist
            3. the client notifies the user if the file is deleted successfully or not

